Documentation/Architecture/PackagesAndDependencies.rst, before:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

=============================
Packages and TYPO3 extensions
=============================

Related TYPO3 extensions
========================

seminars-premium
----------------

This package provides advanced features for the seminars extension, like
certificates of participation and watermarks on downloads for attendees. These
features streamline seminar management and reduce manual work.

This extension is a paid add-on.

oelib
-----

This package provides general library functions for TYPO3 extensions like helper
functions for unit testing, templating and automatic configuration
checks.

`oelib on GitHub <https://github.com/oliverklee-de/oelib>`__

feuserextrafields
-----------------

This package adds extra fields to frontend users, like:

- full salutation, e.g., "Hello Mr. Klee" (to work around the problem of trying to automatically generate gender-specific salutations)
- gender (with the mappings from sr_feuser_register)
- date_of_birth
- zone (state/province)
- privacy (privacy agreement accepted)
- status (job status)
- comments

`feuserextrafields on GitHub <https://github.com/oliverklee-de/feuserextrafields>`__

static-info-tables
------------------

This package adds static info tables like languages, currencies and countries.

`static-info-tables on the TER <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/static_info_tables>`__

Additional Composer dependencies
================================

Emogrifier
----------

This package converts HTML/CSS into inline styles for email templates, in other
words: It allows prettier e-Mails.

`Emogrifier on GitHub <https://github.com/MyIntervals/emogrifier>`__

PHP-CSS-Parser
--------------

This package parses CSS files in PHP. It allows extraction of CSS files into a data
structure, manipulation of said structure and output as (optimized)
CSS.

`PHP-CSS-Parser on GitHub <https://github.com/sabberworm/PHP-CSS-Parser>`__

Commit message:

[DOCS] Mention onetimeaccount in the architecture docs

Documentation/Architecture/PackagesAndDependencies.rst, after:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

=============================
Packages and TYPO3 extensions
=============================

Related TYPO3 extensions
========================

seminars-premium
----------------

This package provides advanced features for the seminars extension, like
certificates of participation and watermarks on downloads for attendees. These
features streamline seminar management and reduce manual work.

This extension is a paid add-on.

oelib
-----

This package provides general library functions for TYPO3 extensions like helper
functions for unit testing, templating and automatic configuration
checks.

`oelib on GitHub <https://github.com/oliverklee-de/oelib>`__

onetimeaccount
--------------

This package provides a Bootstrap-5-compatible form that allows users to create
a short-lived FE user account without having to enter a user name or password.
This allows people to register for events without having to create a FE user account.

It also provides a CAPTCHA.

`onetimeaccount on GitHub <https://github.com/oliverklee-de/onetimeaccount>`__

feuserextrafields
-----------------

This package adds extra fields to frontend users, like:

- full salutation, e.g., "Hello Mr. Klee" (to work around the problem of trying to automatically generate gender-specific salutations)
- gender (with the mappings from sr_feuser_register)
- date_of_birth
- zone (state/province)
- privacy (privacy agreement accepted)
- status (job status)
- comments

`feuserextrafields on GitHub <https://github.com/oliverklee-de/feuserextrafields>`__

static-info-tables
------------------

This package adds static info tables like languages, currencies and countries.

`static-info-tables on the TER <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/static_info_tables>`__

Additional Composer dependencies
================================

Emogrifier
----------

This package converts HTML/CSS into inline styles for email templates, in other
words: It allows prettier e-Mails.

`Emogrifier on GitHub <https://github.com/MyIntervals/emogrifier>`__

PHP-CSS-Parser
--------------

This package parses CSS files in PHP. It allows extraction of CSS files into a data
structure, manipulation of said structure and output as (optimized)
CSS.

`PHP-CSS-Parser on GitHub <https://github.com/sabberworm/PHP-CSS-Parser>`__
